Docs: Vercel as a framework (#11971)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/node/index.mdx

client.debug()
```

## Short-lived processes like serverless environments

The Node SDK is designed to queue and batch requests in the background to optimize API calls and network time. As serverless environments like AWS Lambda or [Vercel Functions](/docs/libraries/vercel) are short-lived, we provide a few options to ensure all events are captured.

> First, we recommend using the `captureImmediate` method instead of `capture` to ensure the event is captured before the function shuts down. It guarantees the HTTP request finishes before your function continues (or shuts downs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we recommend using the `captureImmediate` method instead of `capture` to ensure the event is captured before the function shuts down. It guarantees the HTTP request finishes before your function continues (or shuts down).
```

Second, we recommend setting `flushAt` to `1` and `flushInterval` to `0` to ensure the events are sent immediately. These set the queue to flush immediately, both in terms of events and time.

> Third, we provide a method `shutdown()` which can be awaited and ensures the queued events are all flushed to the API. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third, we provide a method `shutdown()` which can be awaited to ensure all queued events are sent to the API. For example:
```
